# Dynamic Ensemble Selection Using Fuzzy Hyperboxes (FH-DES)
Dynamic Ensemble Selection Using Fuzzy Hyperboxes (FH-DES) is a novel Ensemble Learning approach in which Fuzzy Hyperboxes are used to select the most competent classifiers for each query instance dynamically! 

The proposed framework is capable to use only misclassified samples of each classifier to estimate its performance (competence) surrounding the query sample. To do so, FH-DES generates an incompetence map for each classifier which shows regions where the classifier has low accuracy. This map is generated from misclassified samples. In this way, we can assess the competence or incompetence level of the classifier just by using the map without having to process previous samples. This feature not only provides online learning capability and higher accuracy but also decreases computational complexity compared to other dynamic selection methods. Experimental results demonstrate that FH-DES achieves high classification accuracy with lower complexity than state-of-the-art dynamic selection methods.

This framework has been implemented based on the [DESlib library](https://github.com/scikit-learn-contrib/DESlib). This repository provides a simple experiment to compare the performance of the proposed approach with the implemented DS approaches in the DESlib library. To conduct this experiment, simply download the repository and run the [mainExpriment.py](https://github.com/redavtalab/FH-DES/blob/main/mainExperiment.py) file.     
